Add "Modify script" + capitalization & :id update for consistency (#24416)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/REST API/rest-api.md

}
```

### Modify script

Modifies an existing script.

`PATCH /api/v1/fleet/scripts/:id`

##### Request body

```json
{
  "script_content": "#!/bin/sh\\n\\n#!/usr/bin/env bash\\n\\nsudo systemsetup -settimezone Pacific/Ponape"
}

> ```

Author: This should be moved and the parameter name updated. Thanks!

#### Parameters

| Name            | Type    | In   | Description                                           |
| ----            | ------- | ---- | --------------------------------------------          |
| id              | integer | path | **Required**. The ID of the script to modify. |

> | script_contents | string  | body | The contents of the script to run. Only one of either `script_id` or `script_contents` can be included in the request; omit this parameter if using `script_id`. |

Reviewer: Let's make this required since it's the only parameter other than `id`. Otherwise, you're not updating anything; may as well fail loudly if you try to update a script without including the script contents. (If we add other parameters to this endpoint in the future, we should make this parameter optional at that time.)

Also, we can remove the note about only specifying one or the other (that's just for running a script).
```suggestion
| script_contents | string  | body | **Required**. The contents of the script to be updated. |
```

#### Example

`PATCH /api/v1/fleet/scripts/1`

##### Default response

> `Status: 204`

Reviewer: `200` status code when there's response data. (`204` means "No content", so we only use it when there's no data sent back.)

```suggestion
`Status: 200`
```

```json
{

>   "script_content": "#!/bin/sh\\n\\n#!/usr/bin/env bash\\n\\nsudo systemsetup -settimezone Pacific/Ponape"

Reviewer: I think this response should be the script data (in the "[Get script](https://fleetdm.com/docs/rest-api/rest-api#example-get-script2)" format versus the "Download script" format). 
```suggestion
{
  "id": 1,
  "team_id": null,
  "name": "script_1.sh",
  "created_at": "2023-07-30T13:41:07Z",
  "updated_at": "2023-07-30T13:41:07Z"
}
```

> Side note: I think it would actually be most consistent to nest the response data like this, but we're not doing that for other script endpoints so probably not worth it to change right now:
> ```json
> {
>   "script": {
>    "id": 1,
>    "team_id": null,
>    "name": "script_1.sh",
>    "created_at": "2023-07-30T13:41:07Z",
>    "updated_at": "2023-07-30T13:41:07Z"
>   }
> }
> ```
